one two three dialogues calm uno dos
tres geology spoon TOCOM dialogue number
38 via logo numero treinta y ocho do you
live in an apartment
we're a saloon apartamento no I live in
a three-bedroom house no V way noona
classic on tres cuartos I guess you
don't live alone me ma Kino Kino VB Sola
I live with my family we also have two
bathrooms and a big living room we work
on my Familia también tenemos dos menos
unigram salad estar what about the
kitchen la cocina the kitchen is small
but the dining room is huge la cocina is
pequeña pero el comedor a sin nor me do
you have a garage in a back yard tienen
una kochira un petit otra zero yes we do
there is a swimming pool in the backyard
see a unep escena en el patio trasero
I'd love to see it
me encanta ria conocer la sure you can
stay in the guest room if you want claro
SI quieres de puede quedar an el cuarto
de whisperers
you